// 10. Provide a short list with information about the most popular programming languages. How do they differ from C#?

1. C
C, a general purpose programming language built by Dennis Ritchie when he was a part of Bell Telephone labs.
It was built to work with the Unix operating system. C is one of the most widely used programming languages of all time.
C is not object-oriented. A lot of the syntax is common with C#.

2. C++
C++ is a general purpose multi-paradigm spanning compiled language that has both high-level and low-level languages’ features.
It was started as an enhancement to the C programming language, Bjarne Stroustrup in 1979.
It is one of the most popular programming languages with application domains including systems software, application software,
server and client applications, and entertainment software such as video games.
The language has also greatly influenced many other popular programming languages, such as C#.

3. Java
An object-oriented programming language developed in the late 1990s by James Gosling and colleagues at Sun Microsystems.
java is programming language central for any non-Microsoft developer, i.e. any developer who focuses on the non-.NET experience.
It is mostly derived from C and C++ but has a more basic object model.

4. Objective-C
This object-oriented programming language created first by Brad Cox and Tom Love at their company Stepstone in the early 1980s,
adds Smalltalk-like messaging to the C programming language. This language is most used on the Apple iOS and Mac OS X.
Objective-C is the principal language used for Apple's Cocoa API as well.

5. PHP
This language is especially suited for Web development because of it easy embedding into HTML pages.
It is an open-source, server-side, cross-platform, interpretive HTML scripting language.

6. (Visual) Basic
This is an event-driven programming language which is implemented on Microsoft’s .Net framework.

7. Python
This is an event-driven programming language which is extensively used by Google because of its simplicity.
It is managed by the Python SoftwareFoundation.

8. Perl
Being a high-level programming language, its emphasis lies in code readability and clear syntax.
It combines Object-oriented and functional programming styles, and is often used as a scripting language.
Perl is an open-source language used widely to process text through CGI programs.

9. JavaScript
JavaScript is an object-oriented scripting language that is smaller than Java.
Being a client-side language, it runs in the web browser on the client-side with a simplified set of commands, easier code and no need
for compilation. It is used in millions of web pages to authenticate forms, detect browsers and improve design, and it is easier to run
these functions as it is embedded into HTML.
